migration will define our future because
migration is our future migration
ecology so our understanding of ology
mother's how can it not be the future
for all of us
the MA in migration studies is an
international ma at Tel Aviv University
it's a three semester program so it goes
for ten months the Polka began out of
our interest here in the issues of
migration and the fact that we have many
faculty around campus that study
migration in various aspects of it in
most universities it's often a
specialization but here we decided to
take it as a full master's program only
through looking at the different
dimensions of migration and the
different consequences across these
dimensions can we really get a good
understanding of what migration we mean
you get to learn from every point of
view which can be overwhelming but it's
really useful
students had to pick a topic for an
assignment and then develop it and study
it and bring I also applied solutions
that they sing for the problems it gives
a student in the program the opportunity
to experience working closely either
with organizations that were violent
with the migrants themselves while I've
learned many things in the classroom
from an academic approach I've learned
things in a short time in my internship
that I couldn't have learned at school I
was able to develop my own identity in
this migration world and profession we
come from very different academic
backgrounds and countries with the
International Master program your
classmates are from all over the world
which makes the classes very rich in the
different responses and discussions that
you don't get usually in a more
homogeneous classroom student coming
from China could compare Chinese
policies and bring to the class a
subject that we were not sufficiently
familiar with then when they will work
with different immigrant populations
this will be this will actually
transpire on their own work
Ezreal is a lab for migration of various
sorts since a copy of the 1990s in
particular there's a general ease of
access in Israel that you don't get in
many other places everything's very
concentrated either elad or Tel Aviv so
it's rather easy to do mapping is
happening around us and it's also
something that I'm studying at the same
time
my favorite course is research methods
my favorite was definitely comparative
immigration policies ethnic identity
everything relating to human rights and
international development the migration
in the field because we get to do an
internship because it takes the abstract
and make something makes it more
concrete the course provides a
comparative perspective and let us know
that how other states also delineate the
same issues but you know you know it's
an epiphany and why that's the most
interesting thing what people think
about themselves what they see of
themselves I hope to go further into
organizations that deal with migrants
and how they're dealing with living in a
new country I hope to work in the NGO in
Israel to deal with asylum seekers and
refugees and I'm hoping to make a
difference in people's lives who face
challenges in those areas I truly think
that it's perfect for the studying of
migration